very good Balearic thing and I hope and
commenting as we already manufacture in 5
online and well do not have a pretty trick
good but I'll be saying furis that
cone makes good morning
they have already put them on
many of you know it many with
the other players that's why it does not matter
because I'm using two accounts worth
one that had it in divergent 30 that
made and another that is starting will
level up but the color does not matter
of more players as they put it because
I had I do not know why rice is next
he simply wins but does not come to
because I'm going to explain a trick
that pretty good how to get in here
inside the cinema, it's like entering inside
I'm going to show you on the map
ok and once you show it on the map
I could arrive by your
own foot or with your own
vehicles it does not matter if it comes and
here goes a vehicle but once you already
we have said what was already taught on the map
let's go in as we enter good is
very easy to do and everything if not
You know, he puts himself at the door and you say
you need to pay 20 dollars
well we will pay 20 dollars and we will see a
movie is ok but here inside we do not
can rowing because because I do not know
can you handle simply because you
you pay at the cinema but you can come
inside what are we going to do let's open
the phone we call yesterday
once we call to cry not what
lame we ask for an activity worth
we request an activity when
we request the activity we open the
mobile and in said activities we
will have to come now an activity
ok you know I do not have it yet
the theme that one of martín tell me where
arrive now that it has arrived to me we accept
the invitation we accept the invitation to
the activity when we are inside the
movies once you're inside it
we have to do is very easy
download the game we confirm buzzi
and the most play if we give here here
yes sure you want to play worth as
you are seeing we have accepted the
activity and once we accept it that
what we do we enter the activity
inside the cinema once we enter the
activity as you are seeing are
inside the cinema is already worth it and here we can
do whatever you want, it's worth
example, we can go around the
worthy chair we can investigate what is it
what's inside and the truth that is
pretty good because we can investigate
all the cinema completely we look at the
walls I do not know we look at projects where
they project the movies well this would be
as a curiosity is worth a trick
to enter the cinema but how
can I go in, I'm going to show you how
handle inside how to walk how
curious curiosity but now what
we're going to do is give it a little spin
waffle we teach that look if
let's go for the exit to the would be the
emergency exit is worth the exit goes up
the stairs as if it were a whole
staircase worth it would be like a map and
burgados here as having in the
speakers the cameras where the
movie everything pretty pretty the truth
is very real is very real to everything and as
you see now if we look down there
we have people are worth we have people
but if we shoot one the others do not
they get up they 're so excited about the
movie that do not get up we can
to kill, and now, as you will see,
raise the good person did not get up
the people so what can we do and
steal him take the little money
we can catch the crime here at the
person is holding me all
little money that they release we take it off and do not
We will have no type of level of
search because because we cast inside
a mission here we take little money
the police may come to stop us
may come not to take away our
money because he's going to take it away
we
man who are watching the movies
200 women because this can not be
do with women but it 's a game
it's a guitar money game and I'm sorry
by thomas burgess writing but there
an egg is worth good nothing is worth saying or
what
that is pretty good the trick is worth a
trick to be able to enter the cinema
once we are inside the cinema as
we left here and it 's very easy
for maybe we are the splinters we look
everything we have to look at is worth
when we get bored what it is that
we made it out that we went out
reality that will put exit is worth down there
how is living a door puts exit
and once we go out it will be all very
it's easy because it looks to go out
you still have to leave the broadcast
you can leave but what I do is
exit through the emergency door and put
exit and here we will fall we will stay
but if we open it parachute it's worth
we will kill ourselves or nothing will appear much
next to our vehicle where
we have left now you will see
as we appear next to our
vehicle and nothing we can go now what
what we have to do ends the
activity we open the mobile list
activities we finished the activity and not
there will be no problem whatsoever I hope that
have liked kids you know that
then you will have another video online
favorite subscribe if there are
Share the video with your friends and
I hope your comments is worth
the next
ah
two